# Workshop: ‘Let's Learn: CoPilot for Academic Writing, Research and Data Analysis’

**Learning Resources**

[https://www.uts.edu.au/for-students/current-students/support/helps/self-help-resources/genai-learning-resources](https://www.uts.edu.au/for-students/current-students/support/helps/self-help-resources/genai-learning-resources)

Some key things to keep in mind are:

- **Currency and accuracy**. GenAI can produce content that seems realistic and factual; however, the information can be **non-factual, inaccurate, outdated** and sometimes **false**. It is important to use your critical thinking skills to evaluate and fact-check all content from GenAI.
- **Academic integrity**. You need to **acknowledge** when you have used information from **other sources** in your work. This includes content from GenAI tools.
- **Bias and quality**. ****Sometimes content generated by GenAI is generic in nature (as well as potentially false) which may impact the quality of your work. GenAI can also be subject to **biases** or **commercial agendas**, which means you don't get the full perspective on a topic.

### General prompts for Study planning/preparation

*I need a study plan. I have an exam in three weeks and I can study every day except on Sundays. I also want weekly milestones.* 

*Write ten multiple choice questions on the following topics relating to cell biology and genetics:*

- *Modelling of Biochemical Systems*
- *Structural Modelling and Analysis of Biochemical Networks*
- *Kinetic Models of Biochemical Networks*
- *Gene Expression Models*

### Prompts for Feedback

- *I want you to act as a writing tutor. I will provide you with a student who needs help improving their writing and your task is to give the student feedback on how they can improve their composition.  You should also use your rhetorical knowledge and experience about effective writing techniques in order to suggest ways that the student can better express their thoughts and ideas in written form*
- *I want you to act as an expert on macroeconomics. I'm going to write a response to a practice exam question relating to macroeconomics, and I want you to give feedback on my answer. Specifically, I want you to tell me if the information I provide is correct, and whether there's any additional information I should add.*

### Prompts for Research/Understanding

- *What might be a good way to structure a report on the following topic:*
    - *Conduct research on some of the current uses of artificial intelligence in oncology, as well as some of the predicted future uses of AI in this field. Discuss some of the main benefits and any potential risks of using AI in these ways.*
- *Give me 3 different analogies to help me understand Einstein's theory of relativity.*
- *Give me 5 examples of how the concept of opportunity cost could be applied to the life of an Australian university student.*